Hi everyone, this week, I am one of the discussion Leaders! I'm looking forward to hear your guy's thoughts about The Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka.

Discussion Prompt #2: "Why do you think Gregor’s family seems to thrive as Gregor declines in health and eventually dies? Offer your interpretation. Explain how the “metamorphosis” of the family supports a theme in the work. In your response, be certain to mention the conclusion of the story."


From The Metamorphosis, “'My dear parents,’ the sister said, striking the table with her hand by way of introduction, “things can’t go on like this. Perhaps you don’t realize that, but I do. I refuse to utter my brother’s name in the presence of this monster, and so I say: we have to try to get rid of it. We’ve done everything humanly possible to take care of it and put up with it; I think no one could reproach us in the slightest.” (Charters 405) 

Throughout the story, Franz Kafka dives into the idea of "Othering" and alienation and how it is has powerful effects on individuals who may not fall into social norms. My interpretation of Gregor's family thriving as Gregor's health deteriorates is based on the real world idea that society often marginalizes and brings down people who don't bide by societal expectations. In Gregor's case his transformation into a cockroach depicts his severed relationship with social norms. His family, who I correlated to society, struggles to accommodate and furthermore reject his new state. After Gregor shows himself to the boarders, we see this ultimate rejection Gregor has from his family in my quote above (Charters 405). Franz Kafka, incorporated this to highlight the society's negative effects of "Othering" on people who divert societal expectation. Current power structures are built upon these social norms, leading to the marginalization of people who oppose it. In the end of the story, Gregor's death was the catalyst for the realization of his family to have positive futures. As the family leaves the apartment, they realize that financially they have promising future's, as well as it being time for Grete to find a husband.  

Additional Question: Do we see similarities between The Metamorphosis and the readings from previous weeks, when it comes to the reflection of society? Do their Ideas build off one another or are they contradicting?
